https://codepen.io/mattbokovitz1/pen/vYGJqbM?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    provides meaning to HTML markup
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used for creating the frame of the code. This includes text, images etc. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute provides additional information to an element. We put them within the tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 is the title, and should be used once per page
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    href , img
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    We put the header <header>
    7. What is an id? 
    An id is anchor to section within webpage, only use once
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    H1, any that is made of single element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    1
    10. What is a class? 
    For styling purposes given to div to target specific part of code
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    a section
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many times as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    For text version, it describes the image 
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #(idName)
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section is used for a bigger area of code, while a div splits up certain elements with the section
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used for making your code look pretty
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{
    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class would be used when you want to group many different parts of your code into one easily called-upon name. ID is when you have specific part of code that you will refer to over and over
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    With a . in the beginning
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    It selects all elements that are the child of the specified parent. 
    A parent child selector
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a{
    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a pseduo selector selects elements that are in a specific position. For example, if the elements were hovered over by mouse.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: lowercase (uppercase)(capitalize);
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
    border-style: dotted;
    border: 1px black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    <!-- jaldfjdalkfj;ads -->
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
     cd 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm - deletes permanently
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Because it has more functionality, and less limited
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Once ever 15-20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    push -u 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Create your own version of repo, clone it. Take clone to the directory, and enter a new folder into the clone. 
    Then git add .    git commit -m    git push -u origin branch-name . Then do pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    Inline elements may contain data and other inline elements. Block elements cannot go inside inline elements.
    Inline elements do not need a new line to begin, block elements do. 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    element that is positioned absolutely is taken out of the flow and other elements are positioned as if it did not exist.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
